hello to all I have to pronounce videos
to have like some players like
those of the monkeys board
and here you see the sole and chronos
helping you then we will start with
kronos both water at the elite stage and
at the level of finishes by that the city
to the old conne baba chronos then
to have time outside for
to have nothing you need oceans for oceans it
you need t take and yet we must
that you are wearing a collar, you must see that
equipment the skin until desired time
that you have it sand I think that
that was sure the pyne gould ray good friend
ants in good friends and hot
it's in the two allied regimes
by the way you are land oceans for
as much talk about concept of the coach yes
golden mount you have to go in the
elite stadiums you have to talk to people
and rose taking a picture when your
mirror where was to buy it in a collar
walked past the entrance of their stadium
roulette
here it is good you have worked forward
in the ocean the coach's advice for
nothing is already done b launches in
shopping worms the martial lizards
you have to go where they ryoma
was practicing and you talking to
someone good enough times for
Aurea advice of eggplant coach is
in good friends and the dog at the tower
and screwdriver it's by buying the
knights here are you chronos
now for another
result our reports to girls play
so for us to have this lead
but for this lead can have michou
choice and for better choice or to see
gilles and sheers and scarf made
wait for the merits of the trials in
a challenge win yeah alpine crampons get
buy it on you come for a challenge or
for all the match against that I do not
do not talk about this black it's on the
store the arcade route and
crystal service teeth in in the
desert pattern will show you to take
in hand their soil here you have
Girouard chose me and his 14th had already
flying fish I think it's
halal actually roulette stadium and
alpine sprays it's also at the goal market
this on the road
no it's that too at the market's goal
plastic roulette to you and me
choice
this lille the same and cats waltzed rebel
rebel from the street water to the street
shopping and for many flowers I
you go to the best top dirrig in
low and green count old nagoshi
lady talking about yellow flowers for him
speak you may have good
pretty flowers here you have what they
impose with our mix literally going
to be managed via the internet or to beat
card for the tournament team of julia and
grandpa I think it's in the
knights here is too much lick standards
open items then for desert star
crystal is there always shows
shown it's there no there is a safe
behind this gentleman against khebri it's
here
she spoke not mark is to understand
flying fish and that's why we're going
see them
six years ago we'll see them here
cl warned me then to see soil for
ground you need mercury for mercury it
you have to come and get back if you have to
down to earth later seduced brett
universal collagen would take
will take the gentleman's tournament
veterans beefy pendant this is at
buy during the goal market
the entrance to the roulette rooms and
butterfly girls on the windy road at
hanging earth for venus and the earth
acid scorer you already have it too
erwin it's in the knight when
universal either it won against them in
match or be you buy it at goal
also not market in the zenith stadium
here is here after in these neighborhoods where
Now money from its
tandja debut went from victory
it's a challenge to win here in the
schema the desert attention you're going that
you have mercury in his eyes later
the jo him ions I think it's in
good friends and cutter in the
knights also here you have them is
now entered how to see mark evans
is focused blais in young
Congratulations to finish game during a certain
objects recruit me I spent in March
like a beast I sold it's when
even good so that's there look there and
here mark evans special training must
beat forever the lowest the treasure
in the coffers not not very high rank
It's a must to see with
I won three times already
since the beginning local old gravity 0
as for the premises of a door behind
red next to julia you take the
photo or even before herman and the
football was talking about it in the area
black in the college of reynerie
would access special training and
already grandfather is my bah you have
already where you earn your donations to feed
ah are two months delighted of course local
it's the same as Marc and the player
legendary the winsdor residence and for
at the very top of the state door on the left where
there will be a reach again you come back
his teacher will tell us about some
days the agent earth and now by
blaise zen the legendary player have
signed by password
I remember a few words of
goes between ac then him of a tale
young dental technique more error I
do not know too much
I will search on the internet or days a
video
now the password is good I tell you
thanks to watch